we basically build a suite of HR
applications around people management so
we started with Performance Management
we then got into engagement surveys
which uh was sort of like our second
product and then from there we've kind
of kept building so like career
management compensation management who
basically built this bundle around
modern people management going
multi-product obviously it's somewhat
common in your industry but did you do
it right how did you decide to build a
whole Suite in uh you know in your first
six to seven years
yeah I I think this is um what this is
one of my views of things that not
enough startups do often enough early
enough it's obviously not the right
thing for everybody but I think this is
maybe one of the canonical pieces of
startup advice that I maybe slightly
disagree with of most people will guide
startups to stick with one product and
just really focus and I think that often
works but I believe that we are in a
sort of phase of the software deployment
life cycle if you look over like a
couple of decades where it's become
really cheap to build software where
there's a mass proliferation of products
where integrating becomes hard where
buying from 100 vendors becomes hard and
so I actually believe in more categories
than not
Consolidated bundles are extremely
valuable and have like a structural
Advantage so that that's kind of like a
philosophy I come to this with uh
there's obviously exceptions of course
like you know Zoom which we're using
right now is a great exception to that
uh but generally speaking that's kind of
how I see it so we did it early and it
kind of worked for us was it intentional
or do you just figure out from your
customers that having a suite was the
way to go
it was intentional so we were at like
two or three of ARR yeah like set we had
like seven engineers and we put like
five and a half of them on a second
product which was the engagement service
product while our performance product
clearly still had a humongous amount of
work to do yeah right it had two two
Engineers working on it yeah it seems
are crazy it seems crazy to do unless
it's a total tilt but it wasn't yeah
exactly and you know it was basically
and it wasn't like our customers were
asking us for it it was just that we
knew they were also paying for this
thing that it was the same buyer the
same segment the same sort of mindset in
which it was bought and so we sort of
went for it um obviously we then staffed
performance back up massively but no we
went for it early because it met a set
of criteria that we thought made for a
good second product
it's funny I think today what we finally
learned is this sweet versus Point
solution like the answer is probably yes
yeah like that's right like they can
both work depending on the DNA of the
team and the market and it's not so
binary is it no absolutely and and to
that point it's you know you see a
company work and it's not like the way
that it worked is the only way it could
have worked like if lattice had just
said you know what we're going to take
all of our energy just on Performance
Management we would have had to do some
things differently we would have had to
really push up into the Enterprise to
make it work but I believe that could
have worked so you know there's multiple
winning paths it's not like just it's
not like the one thing we did it's the
only thing that could have worked